each string, then guess, then actual result.
Text :nova nunc religio in te istaec incessit. cedo! , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :lænan lîfes.      Näs þâ lang tô þon, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :viginti argenti commodas minas, huius quas dem matri. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :Li haubers de son dos et rompus et fausés. , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :Nunc huc honoris vostri venio gratia, , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :et quidquid huiu' feci causa virginis , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :PA. recte admones: Davo ego istuc dedam iam negoti. SI. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :gin-fästan gife,      þe him god sealde, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :COC. Fortasse haec tu nunc mihi non credis quae loquor. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :swā swā sīo nafu færð nēahst þǣre eaxe; , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :EPIG. At ei oratores sunt popli, summi viri; , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :Qui estoient haut home et de son parenté , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :Asez est mex qu'il soit ocis , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :que m'en darez el|vos tradran. , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :ond stōwa, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :{An.} num tu intellegi' quid hic narret? {Ph.} num tu? {An.} nil. {Ph.} , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :MEN. Quos tu convivas quaeris? CYL. Parasitum tuom. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :LYS. Nunc, mulier, ne tu frustra sis, mea non es, ne arbitrere. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :Ic þē mæg ēac reccan sum bīspell be þǣm þæt þū hit meaht þe sweotolor ongitan, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :sē hālga Andrēas sette his hēafod ofer ǣnne his discipula and hē onslēp. , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Congié a pris du roi si s'en est retornee, , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :ealdor-leásne,      þone þe ær geheóld , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Duel ot Emenidus, ne s'en sot mais ou plaindre , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :"Ahi! gent desconfite, quel part porrons torner, , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :absentis: his Alcmena decipitur dolis. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :quin ex occluso atque obsignato armario , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :Par chemins vienent et par sentes. , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :nam eum pater eius subegit. nunc mea mater iratast mihi, , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :huic pariundi atque illi in aliis potiu' peccandi locum. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :et cum laneus blanc vestimenz , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :dedit mihi ad hanc rem Apoecidem, is apud forum manet me, , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :Þæs hālgan Ōswoldes bān wurdon eft gebrōht æfter manegum gēarum to Myrcena lande intō Glēawceastre; , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :þät we þeód-cyning      þær sceáwian , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :meam amicam audivi te esse mercatum. PER. Attatae, , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :Par derriere les dos lor fait les mains lïer, , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :Bien sout les traiz de Cornoalle. , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :LEON. Scibam ego te nescire, at pol ego, qui ted expendi, scio: , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :Hâtað heaðo-mære      hlæw gewyrcean, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Et Sanses chierement l'en prist a mercïer. , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :Qant il le trait a soi, s'en chieent li boiel. , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :Þā hēt sē cyng faran mid nigonum tō þāra nīwena scipa; , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :eadem istac opera suaviust complexos fabulari. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :Sachiez n'i a celui qui ait talent de rire. , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :Ne fu mie a seür qant il vit tel tempier. , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :quin tu arrabonem dicis? STRAT. 'A' facio lucri, , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :o faciem pulchram! deleo omnis de(h)inc ex animo mulieres: , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :AMPHITRUOBacchus te inritassit , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :†rêðe rên-weardas.      Reced hlynsode; , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Vers la terre vont nequedent: , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :In barathrum , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :A! quar no fuy lai pelegris , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :PER. Scio quid erres: quia vestitum atque ornatum immutabilem , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :oð þæt Hædde bisceop eft his bān ferode to Wintanceastre, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :oððe hwæt is hiora untrumnes būte unþēawas? , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Per. Quin tu istanc orationem hinc veterem atque antiquam amoves? , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :De maltalent et d'ire a la teste craulee. , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :quae voluit, quae postulavit; <te> quoque <ei> dono dedi. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :– «Ço n'iert,» dist Guenes, «tant cum vivet Rollant: , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :Je ne tieng d'Alixandre la monte d'un formage. , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :uxorem: <ei> credo munus hoc conraditur. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :swā deð sē godcunda foreðonc. , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Mot les out bien desconneüz. , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :Poi i avra que ce ne die. , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :La plaie saigne: ne la sent, , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :STAS. Hicine nos habitare censes? CHARM. Vbinam ego alibi , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :Hei mihi ! quid audio? vix apud me sum : , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :Oft ic ðē bæd þæt ic mōste tō ðē faran, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :etiamne id lex coegit? {Ph.} illud durum. {Ge.} ego expediam: sine! , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :Alixandres remest dedens la sepulture. , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :De rebus ad Beneventum gestis , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :venibis tu hodie, virgo. VIRGO Amabo, mi pater, , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :ät nîða gehwâm      nýd-gesteallan: , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Comiter impartit, magnam cum lassus diei , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :hilde-cystum,      ac hy on holt bugon, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :1550wið ord and wið ecge      ingang forstôd. , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Ki la barbë aveir voleit , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :[HAN. Quis hic est? AGOR. Vtrumvis est, vel leno vel , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :hord and hāmas.        Hettend crungon , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Ille autem postquam filium sensit suom , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :. M. Cato suasit rogationem (sc. Petilliorum) exstat oratio eius de pecunia regis Antiochi: et Mummios tribunos auctoritate deterruit, ne adversarentur rogationi. (Liv. ..) , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :Ðā sǣde sē prēost him, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :sæde þät his byrne      âbrocen wære, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :ad duos attinet, liquidumst. attat, , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :roderas reótað.      Nu is ræd gelang , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Si que soient ancui ledement desrompues, , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :Devant porter les armes et mener lor destriers. , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :Ne fust pas si molliés de l'eaue d'une seille , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :profecto huius est vidulus. perge alia tu expedire. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :adhuc curavi unum hoc quidem, ut mi esset fides. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :CL. quos? CH. si scire vis, ego dicam: gerro iners fraus , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :Sas i fait pendre e cinces deramedes : , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :novi ego illum: ioculo istaec dicit, , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :Q'ens el chief de sa terre a sa gent establie; , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :blandimentis, oramentis, ceteris meretriciis; , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :2275fýre befangen;      hyne fold-bûend , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :byrnum werede,      þe þus brontne ceól , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :quem pariter uti his decuit aut etiam amplius, , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :woruld geondwlīteð;      þonne weorðeð his , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :tam plane scias. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :Kaherdins est suz a Ysolt: , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :leóhtan sweorde:      he me lond forgeaf, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Tuit ne puisse il son cuer changier , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :A Divinuspater, qui fu nes de Sydoine, , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :video sentum squalidum aegrum, pannis annisque obsitum. "oh , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :pro exercitu gymnastico et palaestrico hoc habemus; , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :geongum and ealdum,      swylc him god sealde, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Que Dentirans n'en isse qu'il ne soit afolés, , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :ēastdǣlum on      æþelast londa , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :adeo donicum ipsus sese ludos fieri senserit. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :verum, quidquid est, comiter fiet a me, , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :ond hine miclum gewundode; , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :adsum: dic quid est? , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :mox missus ut prehendat scortum a milite , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :STICH. Nimium lepide fabulata est. SANG. Veneris mera , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :Ne fina, si fu au moutier , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :earn ǣses georn;      wæs on eorþan cyrm. , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :and swā swā heofonlīce ceastergewaran lufode: , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :PHILOL. Perdis rem. DEL. Tace, amabo. TR. Abripite , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :Si est a grant tort, Dex le set. , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :Sybb sig myd ēow eallum fram þām sylfan Dryhtne Hǣlendum Crȳste, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Iluec veïssiez tendre mainte porpre vermeille. , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :Pobl' et lo rei communïet , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :2515mærðum fremman,      gif mec se mân-sceaða , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Si l'a feru du branc que sus l'arçon l'adente. , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :Beó wið Geátas gläd,      geofena gemyndig; , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :PAL. Ilico hinc imus, haud longule ex hoc loco; , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :victis hostibus, quos nemo posse superari ratu'st; , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :Qui bien ne se deffent de mort n'a garison, , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :Nū ic wāt, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Metuo vocis ne vicem hodie heic vapulem, quae hunc verberat. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :ofer dēop wæter    Dyflin sēcan, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :S'aus se sont pris et sont quitié, , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :Þā wearð sē cynincg Ōswold swīðe ælmesgeorn and ēadmōd on þēawum and on eallum þingum cystig, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :OL. Quid mihi opust seruo tam nequam? , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :L'en deit, ki puet, le mal changer, , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :Þā cwæð hē, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Aprés li demanda: "Messagiers, est ce gas?" , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :Que li rois de sa mort n'aroit plus de respit. , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :sceleste, minus me miserer;                              a , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :gebrōhte wǣron. , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :and gebīgde þone cynincg Kynegyls tō Gode, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :si quo tu totum me ire vis, operam dabo. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :swā swā hē sylf cwæð tō þām Iūdēiscum: , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :rogant me servi quo eam: dico me ire quo saturi solent. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :†heal-þegnes hete;      heóld hine syððan , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Que les flors et les pierres en a jus arasés, , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :et ne te adflictes. PH. itane suades? PA. si sapis, , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :si meministi id quod olim dictumst, subice.) hem , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :Asez orras d'Iseut novele, , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :Ne seret pas mervelle grant. , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :Lors parla Alixandres com hom aperceüs: , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :thensaurum demonstravit mihi in hisce aedibus, , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :E toz li pueples par comune oreison , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :Þā bēag þæt land, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :hīe cōmon tō þæs carcernes duru, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Je voi venir ces chevaliers , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :Et des autres navrés qui sont en aventure , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :se wäs fîftiges      fôt-gemearces. , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :þæt bið Godes weorc þæt hē ǣlce dæg wyrcð, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Qui les malvais espargnes et les bons nos ocis." , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :Qu'en la desconfiture i ont le duc perdu , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :Otot s'en vet isnelement. , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :En char l'a entamé, mes ne l'a mort a tant, , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :sed quid apud nostras negoti, mulier, est aedis tibi? , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :LY. Stultitia magnast mea quidem sententia , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :D'une faisse de paille li a le cors bendé, , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :PAN. Pinacium. PIN. Istuc indiderunt nomen maiores mihi. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :wyn-leásne wudu;      wäter under stôd , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :fæder fȳr and sweord.   Þā ðæs fricgean ongann , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :De l'espee li donne tieus trois cops maintenant , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :Tost fu ceste novele de Gadre a Tyr alee; , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :uxori facito ut nunties, negotium , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :and ǣlce dæge hæfde ambyrne wind; , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :meltan mid þam môdigan,      ac þær is mâðma hord. , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Þēah þā mǣtestan ealle hiora lufe wenden tō ðisse weorulde, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Jugier: n'i a que je t'en ost. , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :þæt gē tō lȳtelre hwīle scīnon swā swā rōse, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Geseah þâ sige-hrêðig,      þâ he bî sesse geóng, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Et les devineors, que nul n'en i oublie. , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :Lors li a Aritotes le congié demandé, , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :seó þe bân-côfan      beorgan cûðe, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Uton ūrum Drihtne hȳran , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Por les bestes de l'eaue ques veulent afoler. , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :ond gemetgað þā fēower gesceafta, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :oþ hit bið eall genumen; , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Ballionem, exballistabo lepide: date operam modo; , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :EPIG. Locatast opera nunc quidem; tam gratiast. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :non equidem ullam in publico esse maiorem hac existimo. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :Les paroles sont beles de ciaus qui bien ouvrerent. , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :cume ān spearwa ond hrædlīce þæt hūs þurhflēo, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :S'il le puet a cele eaue conduire et amener , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :MEN. Quo modo igitur post Menaechmo nomen est factum tibi? , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :XIV. THE JOY AT HEOROT. , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :iam illud mali plus nobis vivit quam ratae. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :XIX. BEÓWULFS JEWELLED COLLAR. THE HEROES REST. , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :ond on ōðrum hīwe gebrengð, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Li reis li dune ferme pès, , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :eam seditionem in tranquillum conferet. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :bord tō gebeorge,      hē þām beorne oncwæð: , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Ou detrais a chevaus ou a coutiaus murdris. , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :eam me advexisse nolo resciscat pater. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :dicam ut hic res sint quietae atque hunc ut hinc amoverim. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :En la forest de Morrois sont. , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :sixtig sige-beorna      sêl gebæran, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :alieno viris tuas extentes ostio? , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :OL. Numquid est ceterum quod morae siet? , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :En si grant paine lonc tens mis, , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :ge geonge ge ealde, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :'Immo duas dabo,' inquit ille adulescens 'una si parumst; , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :heardes handplegan    hæleða nānum , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :āhte hē on þysse worlde mycelne welan ond swīðe mōdelīco gestrēon ond manigfealde, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :oððe hwylcum bigspelle wiðmete wē hit ? , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :and ic þā sōna gelȳfde þæt hē wæs ealra gesceafta Scyppend and sē ælmytiga Cyning; , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Þǣr wearð ofslægen Lucumon cynges gerēfa, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Amis, jo fail a mun desir, , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :uncer twega.      Nis þät eówer sîð, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Volt, omnes avidi spectant ad carceris oras, , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :Cil entent la parole, a poi d'ire n'esrage; , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :quicum tot consuesset annos, non eum hominem ducerem , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :adulescens, erras. MESS. Quid, erro? MEN. Per Iovem adiuro , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :Qant autres en a le corage: , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :habeant curentque uti olea bene perficiatur beneque siccetur. Ligna in , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :ne enuntiarem quoiquam neu facerem palam, , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :For þon mē þynceð wīslīc, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :trahis, rudentem complico. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :medu-dreám mâran.      Hwîlum mæru cwên, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Einz le dient pur lur envie, , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :Ainz i serai ferus tres par mi la coraille , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :ofer scyld scoten,    swylce Scyttisc ēac, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :ac on his āgnum lande is sē betsta hwælhuntað; , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :PER. Compellabo. PHIL. Orationis aciem contra conferam. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :MEG. Dedistin argentum? CAL. Factum, neque facti piget. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :edunt, bibunt, scortantur: illi sunt alio ingenio atque tu, , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :Droit a l'ost Alixandre en est alés poingnant. , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :hæfden ðone cræft þæt hī mon ne meahte oferswīðan. , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :[volo amori obsecutum illius, volo amet me patrem.] , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :þät se mæra      maga Ecgþeówes , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :rêðe cempa,      tô þäs þe he on räste geseah , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :sum brūn, sum basu,      sum blācum splottum , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :pater adulescenti dare volt uxorem; hoc ubi , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :tristis exit. haud convenit etiam hic dum Phronesium. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :þætte ǣlc unriht wītnung sīe þæs yfel þe hit dēð, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :LY. Quid nunc? quam mox recreas me? , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :dǣdum dōmlīcum,      þæt him Dryhten wearð , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :L'espee li descent entre cors et escu; , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :Soit liz li briès premierement, , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :li rois ne fu mie esbahis, , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :Il en jure le ciel et la mer et le vent , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :ut ipsus testis sit sibi certissumus? , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :Alixandres commande que l'en bate la mer , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :ond sibba genihtsumnes, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Mīne bearn, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Este les vous au chaple o les brans acerés. , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :†woldon ceare cwîðan,      kyning mænan, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :De lui prenent congié si s'en sont retorné, , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :nam non est veri simile, hominem pauperem , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :SAG. Qui te di deaeque scis quid hinc porro dicturus fuerim, , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :syððan ic on yrre      upp-riht âstôd. , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :~eum etiam hominem in senatu dare operam aut clientibus, , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :"Sire, dïent li Grieu, ne puet mieus estre mise." , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :ne bið sīo unrihtwīsnes nō on Gode, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :TH. Non ego istuc curo qui sit <quid sit> unde sit: , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :†oferfleón fôtes trem,      feónd unhýre, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :ondswaredon hēo: Nis hit feor tō þon. Cwæð hē: Teala, wuton wē wel þǣre tīde bīdan; ond þā him gebæd, ond hine gesegnode mid Crīstes rōdetācne, ond his hēafod onhylde tō þām bolstre, ond medmicel fæc onslēpte, ond swā mid stilnesse his līf geendade.  Ond swā wæs geworden þætte swā swā hē hlūttre mōde ond bilwiltre ond smyltre wilsumnesse Drihtne þēode, þæt hē ēac swylce swā smylte dēaðe middangeard wæs forlǣtende, ond tō his gesihðe becwōm.  Ond sēo tunge þe swā monig hālwende word in þæs Scyppendes lof gesette, hē ðā swelce ēac þā ȳtmæstan word in his herenisse, hine seolfne segniende ond his gāst in his honda bebēodende, betȳnde.  Ēac swelce þæt is gesegen þæt hē wǣre gewis his seolfes forðfōre of þǣm þe wē nū secgan hȳrdon. , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :and hē mē tō cwæð, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Et li prince et li duc qui terre ont a garder , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :EVT. Ne di sierint. CHAR. Demisisti gladium in iugulum: , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :Li roys se porpenssa si a le vis drecié; , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :Mascedonois et Grieus va forment menaçant, , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :tō þæs gemearces   þe him Metod tǣhte, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Uton nu êfstan      ôðre sîðe , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Intro ego hinc eo; Alcumena parturit. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :ut quidem hic argumenta loquitur. nam is mecum a puero puer , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :Enviz lo fist, non voluntiers, , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :sed sequere me intro, ne in mora illi sis. LE. sequor.-- , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :625môde geþungen,      medo-ful ätbär; , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Nus ne poüm mires trover , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :"Sire, dist la pucele, par la foi que vos doi, , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :AGOR. Eum vos meum esse servom scitis? ADV. Scivimus. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :Tholomés et li sien ont l'angarde montee , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :ond þurh þæt geearnode him þā gife Hāliges Gāstes, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :†Âð wäs geäfned      and icge gold , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :unum amare et cum eo aetatem exigere quoi nuptast semel. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :Le mal a nul ne celerat. , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :and geseoh, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Livrez m'en ore le guant e le bastun.» , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :†2910healdeð hige-mêðum      heáfod-wearde , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :MIL. Bellula hercle. AGOR. I dierecte in maxumam malam , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :mais nos a dreit per colpas granz , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :facis effecta haec ut loquor. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :Li rois s'est , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :Tant pués aler avant q'as arbres toucheras. , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :and hī siððan gefullode; , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Por le roi corecier commence a messervir , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :treceni, cum stant thylacistae in atriis , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :tamen quin loquar haec uti facta sunt hic, , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :And ǣlc þǣra Iūdēa wæs þā hām tō his āgenum farende myd mycelre ymbhȳdignysse, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :CHAR. Hercle qui tu recte dicis, et tibi adsentior. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :Bēo Sātan on þȳnum anwealde, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :dedit aestimatas merces: ita peculium , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :quid nunc vis? AMPH. Sceleste, at etiam quid velim, id tu me , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :Je n'en prendroie mie tout paradis en gré , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :hoc magnum est periclum, ab asinis ad boves transcendere. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :ego faxo et operam et vinum perdiderit simul. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :ego ex te audio? , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :frōd in ferðe  feor oft gemǫn⁠[90] , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :ond him wið gefeaht æt Fearnhamme, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Et l'onor Alixandre, s'il pooit, eslever. , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :Quid vis? MIL. Eho, , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :sīo hiord, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Et Saligos apele le bon mire Ypocras, , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :"Sire, del hebregier que vos dit vostre sors?" , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :L'amiraus fist , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :Car tant ai fait vers la reïne, , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :Car li grans desconfors estoit d'Aimenidon. , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :decumo post mense exacto hic peperit filiam. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :Encontré a de son seignor. , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :1765oððe fýres feng      oððe flôdes wylm, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Ne exspectetis, spectatores, dum illi huc ad vos exeant: , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :adhaesit homini ad infimum ventrem fames. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :þæt hīe gedydon æt þāra Deniscana geweorce, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :"Veés en quel païs aventure nos maine? , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :þe ðās bōc gedihte, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :filius quam advexit meus matri ancillam suae. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :orabat, quod istic esset scriptum ut fieret. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :helmas and heard sweord:      þê he ûsic on herge geceás , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :breóst-gewædu.      Brûc ealles well! , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :si autem deorsum comedent, si quid coxerint, , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :†175Hwîlum hie gehêton      ät härg-trafum , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :SOS. Pacem feci, foedus feci. vera dico. MERC. Vapula. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :eam de praedone vir mercatur pessumus, , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :and nālæs þæt ān, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :immo equidem memini. nempe hoc est, quod illi dedi. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :ecastor med haud invita se domum recipit suam. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :þæs him his ðēoden      þanc gesǣde, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :DEM. Quid illuc est quod solus secum fabulatur filius? , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :CAL. Pseudole, adsiste altrim secus atque onera hunc maledictis. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :Les un bras d'eaue douce qu'il virent bel et cler , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :Par l'estour , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :for ðǣm hē wolde mid þē tǣlan þone ōðerne þæt hē onscunode his þēawas: , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :TH. nil; nam quaesivi. nunc ego <ea>m, mi Phaedria, , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :quae mihi suom animum atque omnem vitam credidit, , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :Þā sume dæge rād sē cyng ūp bi þǣre ēæ, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Nam quamobrem? , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :and sōna eft āwōc ansund eallum limum fram þām egeslīcan broce. , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :dyrnum cräfte      deáð rênian , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Dāuide þā þus gesprecenum, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Þät lâ mäg secgan,      se þe sôð and riht , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :quid mea refert, haec Athenis natae an Thebis sient, , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :and þæt wīte ðe wē ðrōwiað tōbrece ūre heortan heardnysse. , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :þætte sīo unrōtnes ðe hē for ðǣm yflan weorcum hæbbe, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Ne vos ne vostre droerie , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :for þon þe þēs dēaþ fram Gode is, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :HAL. Disperii misera. quid ego erae dicam? quae me opere tanto , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :De tôt en tôt a Deu at son talent. , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :iubeo te salvere et salvos cum advenis, Theopropides, , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :Toylle s'en otiositas! , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :Que nuls ne que nule ja quit , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :†hafað þäs geworden      wine Scyldinga , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :etenim ipsu' secum eam rem reputavit via. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :quam ob rem mihi magis par est via decedere et concedere. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :Iço que par curuz vus diz: , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :Par le mien escïent cent n'en estordent pas. , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :verum nunc si qua mi obtigerit hereditas , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :Et vint a Alixandre, comme roi le salue, , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :suna Ôhteres,      þam ät säcce wearð , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :N'ele nel volt pas demander. , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :cui ego nunc <aut> dictum aut factum melius quam Veneri velim. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :gladum gimme,      þonne in goldfate , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :nam vos quidem id iam scitis concessum et datum , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :cummim pridie in aquam infundito, eam postridie diluito. Postea dolium , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :Ac hwæt wille wē cweðan be þǣm andweardan welan þe oft cymð tō ðǣm goodum? , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :þæt wē þȳ geornor      ongietan meahten , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :rîce tô rûne;      ræd eahtedon, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :tractare, sed vi et via pervolgata patrum. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :Toutes plaines lor lances se sont entreversé. , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :ealle hē myd his godcundnysse fram mē ātȳhð, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :bûan on beorge.      Biówulfe wearð , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :PA. non est nunc tempu'. LA. puerum accipias; nam is , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :CLIT. sine. SY. non sinam inquam. CLIT. quaeso , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :tombe c'on la peüst choisir , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :Si en soit ore ci li premiers guerredons." , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :PY. parum perspexisse ei(u)s videre audaciam. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :qui ert mors a dolor, , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :Un baron Nicholas, né devers Babyloine, , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :numquam. PH. quid igitur? PA. siquando ad eam accesserat , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :Þǣr wearð hrēam āhafen,      hremmas wundon, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :AMPH. Ei mihi, iam tu quoque huius adiuvas insaniam? , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :ce dist Porrus, je fais aparellier , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :DA. Hic nunc me credit aliquam sibi fallaciam , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :Com þâ tô lande      lid-manna helm , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :and wæccan on dyndrigum gebedum; , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Þonne hlēoþriað      hālge gǣstas, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :weorðen wyrsan, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :†onband beadu-rûne      (wäs him Beówulfes sîð, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :for ðȳ hine nān wuht ne mǣg flīon. , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :in portum ex Epheso navis mercatoria. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :TH. Exempla edepol faciam ego in te. TR. Quia placeo, , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :and woldon ðā tōcwȳsan on ealles þæs folces gesihðe, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :CAL. Ingere mala multa. PS. Iam ego te differam dictis , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :is puerum tollit avehitque Epidamnium. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :pars ut infervescat, tum far insipiat, puriter facito et coquito bene. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :Tant doleruse ne tant fire, , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :post altrinsecust securicula ancipes, itidem aurea , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :Qu'il ne plorast ne se tenist , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :verum utrique mos geratur amborum ex sententia. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :frēomǣgum feor  feterum sǣlan, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :ite intro; ego hunc adibo, siquid me velit.-- , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :il virent le soleil esclairier, , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :Sor le cors un grant fust atret; , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :amicas emite liberate, pascite , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :ingeram mala multa? atque aliqui' dicat "nil promoveris": , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :and næs forgytol, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :swā ūs God sylfa bebēad þæt wē sōþe sibbe hēoldan, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :ofer heáhne hrôf      hand sceáwedon, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :sed eccum ipsum video in tempore huc se recipere. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :Et bon cheval courant et broigne a or sartie. , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :sigora Sōðcyning      sēllīcran gecynd, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Fors Tristran son ami avoir , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :Et en après lor apaier. , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :Ves ci le seel d'or que j'en ai aporté, , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :þâ gyt hie him âsetton      segen gyldenne , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :ond hīe wǣrun on tuǣm gefylcium, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Mais ne l dit sun désiré , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :ond þā spācan on þǣre eaxe. , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :D'Iseut n'estuet pas demander , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :ond þā cōmon ūp on Limene mūþan mid ccl hunde scipa. , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Li gentieus chevaliers a la chiere certaine, , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :and bēo on Godes dōme geniðerod. , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :CL. Quam iniqui sunt patres in omnis adulescentis iudices! , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :cwædon þät he wære      woruld-cyning , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Li roys l'a a ses homes departi et donné, , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :PAR. Immo si scias dicta quae dixit hodie. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :La coute fu de soie, qui tenoit grant porprise. , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :lenonem fallit sychophanta cacula. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :Soudoier et soudees querre. , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :on þǣre [stōwe]   þe him sē stranga tō, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :L'amiraut et ses rois en fist lai ens porter; , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :Latine Plautus cum latranti nomine. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :†þät him on þearfe lâh      þyle Hrôðgâres; , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :LABR. O scirpe, scirpe, laudo fortunas tuas, , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :fieri velit et quae locari velit, uti imperet et ea scripta relinquat. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :Un jour le prist aus mains, d'un tertre ou ert montez , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :[CLIT. quid est?]                          a , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :Þæt ān ūs is gewislīce andweard, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :De ce que musars pense remaint a faire assés." , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :TOX. Vbi nunc tua libertast? DOR. Apud te. TOX. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :Tant que sous Palatine descendra el gravoi." , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :Si veirs miracles lour at Deus demostrez , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :Audis quae dico, tametsi praesens non ades. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :Et conduist de la ville desci a sauvement, , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :si unum quidquid singillatim et placide percontabere, , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :La ot elmes trenchiés et maint fort escu quas; , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :glâd ofer grundas,      gäst yrre cwom, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :oportet. Idem ager si nebulosus est, rapa, raphanos, milium, panicum, id , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :ne gefeah he þære fæhðe,      ac he hine feor forwräc, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :libertum potius quam patronum onus in via portare. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :BACCH. At ego nolo dare te quicquam. P. Sine. B. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :Trestuit vous en issiez or endroit maintenant, , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :quas hortamentis esse nunc duco datas; , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :quid igitur me volt? CROC. Tritici modios decem , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :gâre wunde;      þät wäs geômuru ides. , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :pingiað þǣm þe þǣr man yflað, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Thraso Gnatho Parmeno , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :Guerpi as ta maisnie, ja mais ne la verras; , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :dæges þriddan ūp   ofer dēop wæter , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :sumum biterne? , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :ANC. Callicles, vide in quaestione ne facias iniuriam: , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :Hēr mon mæg gīet gesīon hiora swæð, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :äfter beáh-þege      breóst geweorðod. , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :SERV. Loricam adducam? , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :Qant les lances peçoient ensamble communaus; , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :Viris alienis, mi uir, subblandirier. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :ginfæstum gifum.   þe wile gāsta Weard , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Ne laira por mal pas ne por autre deffois , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :ad hoc exemplum amittit ornatum domum. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :Cele part qu'il volent aler. , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :Ad de la mer ou de l'amur, , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :Florés fu molt cortoise si l'a araisoné: , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :nam si mutuas non potero, certumst sumam faenore. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :cedo dum, enumquam iniuriarum audisti mihi scriptam dicam? , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :adeo usque, satietatem dum capiet pater , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :DAEM. Quid est negoti, Gripe? GRIP. De illo vidulo: , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :continuo est alias aedis mercatus sibi. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :Ac ǣr þon hēo sēo hēannis þæs wealles gefylled wǣre ond geendad, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :se þe byrnende      biorgas sêceð , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :vera dico: ad suom quemque hominem quaestum esse aequomst callidum. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :Dixisti in me. sine, revenias modo domum, faxo ut scias , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :werian þôhton.      Nô he wiht fram me , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :swā swā sēo æ bebēad. , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :dum rem divinam faceret. PER. Fateor me omnium , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :MY. Acceptae bene et commode eximus intus , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :Fundon þâ on sande      sâwul-leásne , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :«Ysode, de parfont reïstes, , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :non hercle veniam tertio. heus heus, ecquis hic? , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :DAN. Age age, absolve <me> atque argentum numera, ne comites , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :Mort de fresaie signifie: , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :[] Odorem deteriorem demere vino. Testam de tegula crassam , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :bis aut ter. Ubi cocta erit, eximito et melle unguito. Haec erit placenta , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :N'avet en eus que demorer. , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :ALC. Quin venis quando vis intro? faxo haud quicquam sit morae. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :e flamma petere te cibum posse arbitror. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :Que diroie? Li terme aprisme , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :þæt ic lygewordum      lēoð somnige, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :ne þurh inwit-searo      æfre gemænden, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Ne sēcð hē nān wuht, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Ains que de moi departe li iert asseürés." , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :Karïado esluingnerai, , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :bearne sīnum   and þā on bǣl āhōf , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :hæðene sâwle,      þær him hel onfêng. , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :swencte on sunde,      sæ-deór monig , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :PHILEM. Vt fama est homini, exin solet pecuniam invenire. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :ðonne is suīðe micel scand gif hē ðonne færð sēcende hwæt hē sellan scyle, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Molt estoit pres de vespres quant li tref sont tendu. , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :edgeong wesan,      and his ealdcȳððu , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :On ne gaaigne riens en courous ne en ire. , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :and for ðǣ sōðfæstnysse ðe hī bodedon gearowe wǣron ēhtnysse tō ðoligenne and dēaðe sweltan, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :abeunt, quam in cursu rotula circumvortitur.] , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :bān gebringeð,      þā ǣr brondes wylm , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :ōþre sīþe þā hīe ǣrest tō londe cōmon, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :EVCL. Cur id ausu's facere, ut id quod non tuom esset tangeres? , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :bibere malim, si necessum sit, quam illam oscularier. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :quasi dedita opera domi erant, ut nullo modo , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :Pyrg. Meum cognomentum commemoravit. di tibi dent quaecumque optes. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :« Attende, sis : hac dextera, ut gnosti, regem mactavi Pterelam; , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :ne lamentetur neve animum despondeat, , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :DOR. Heus tu serva istum. TOX. Quin tu is intro? DOR. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :«Rois, or entent nostre parole. , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :lête Sûð-Dene      sylfe geweorðan , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Jo ne faz fors vos desirer, , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :Ne ut eam amasso, si ego umquam adeo posthac tale admisero, , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :Mot i out paines et ahans. , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :ord ārǣmde.   Þā sē ēadega wer , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :quibus et re salva et perdita profueram et prosum saepe: , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :lepidis tabellis lepida conscriptis manu? , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :ond wende his þēawas tō gōde, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Entresi que a Tir ne fu lor frains tirés. , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :PA. pater, licetne pauca? SI. quid dices mihi? CH. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :and swā clǣne fram ǣlcon leahtre? , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Vait ferir Lisiart en la targe florie, , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :PAEG. Quid male facio aut quoi male dico? SOPH. Quoi , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :ond hī þā gesette      on þone sēlestan , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :sōna cymð Sātanas, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Mot avoient a faire qeu! , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :Revien a lui et a Yseut. , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :Se par celui ne chié qui n'est pas des garçons; , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :Et meus pater nunc intus heic cum illa cubat; , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :ubi ego tum accumbam? BACCH. Apud me, mi anime, ut lepidus cum , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :Mors avés en bataille les princes et les dus, , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :ænig ofer eorðan      uht-hlem þone, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :foreþonc ond wyrd. , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :quid nunc? non hercle quid nunc faciam reperio: , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :istum, Delphium. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :nunc et illum miserum et me miseram aequom est nominarier. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :« Ain' tu alterum te reperisse domi consimilem Sosiam? , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :Lor trametrai anuit ains qu'il soit avespré. , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :Brûc þisses beáges,      Beówulf, leófa , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :beorhtast geblōwen;      ne mæg him bitres wiht , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Þā hēt sē hǣþena cynincg his hēafod of āslēan and his swīðran earm, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :ilicet parasiticae arti maximam malam crucem, , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :Les pels, la teste li toli. , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :Þone sîð-fät him      snotere ceorlas , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :sōna swā hē rīces gewēold, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :†gehwone ofer-higian,      hýde se þe wylle! , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :deos propitios me videre quam illum <haud> mavellem mihi. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :CLE. Nolo ames. LY. Non potes impetrare. CLE. Enecas. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :A grant enviz sont departiz. , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :heri nemo voluit Sostratam intro admittere. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :Donques orra les harpes tant doucement soner, , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :Tant ot perdu du sanc ne pot avant aler, , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :En aumaires n'en autres ceres, , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :Et son cors trestot nu sor les herbes posé, , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :Par mié les renz cort esvelliez, , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :moribus praefectum mulierum hunc factum velim. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :hospes, non qui mi imperarent quibusve ego essem obnoxius: , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :olearium I, labellum I, infidibula II, spongeas II, urceos fictiles II, , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :qui arguat se, eum contra vincat iureiurando suo: , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :þonne hit bið on eorðan gesāwen, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :and swīðost ealle hys spēda hȳ forspendað mid þǣm langan leger þæs dēadan mannes inne, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :me segregatum habuisse, uxorem ut duxit, a me Pamphilum. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :ädre geäfned,      þonne we ût cymen, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :haec cum video fieri, suffuror suppilo, , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :fugel on fōtum      tō frean geardum, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :segl sâle fäst.      Sund-wudu þunede, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Gardés n'i deschargiés un point de vostre atoivre, , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :Que cil cuident quil voient que il doie deffaire, , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :ita sum, ut videtis, splendens stella candida, , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :volo adquiescere. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :Com le vostre gent cors que la mort adecline. , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :verum ita sunt *** isti nostri divites: , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :« Nam ego, ille alter Sosia, qui illeic sum, me malis mucavit modis. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :nē elcor būton on mȳran rīdan. , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :þät ic mere-strengo      mâran âhte, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :heóld mec and häfde      Hrêðel cyning, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Mais de ce fist folie que son chief i plonga, , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :binae singulis quae datae nobis ancillae, , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :Le fu truevent ardant si ceurent environ , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :Nū wylle wē sum ðing scortlīce ēow be him gereccan, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :on þäm däge      þysses lîfes. , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Ains n'i ot si hardi n'en fust espoëntés , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :PY. conservam! vix me contineo quin involem in , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :A tut ceus del rengne ert confort. , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :Ful sōð hē sǣde, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Granz cops se vont donner de leur lances agües; , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :hwylc orleg-hwîl      uncer Grendles , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :tum t<ua>s amicas te et cognatas deserere et festos dies , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :wilniað ðēah lārēowas tō beōonne, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Þonne is ān port on sūðeweardum þǣm lande, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :†1345se þe eów wel-hwylcra      wilna dohte. , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Et queles, car vos repentez!» , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :genus quod vis, et si ramos ficulneos voles cum foliis, inter se alligato, , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :"Biaus sire Emenidus, ne m'en devés proier. , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :Et a mis a son col sa grant targe roëe; , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :PS. Hunc pudet, quod tibi promisit quaque id promisit die, , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :Que de son connestable et de sa bleceüre , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :Ne hûru Hildeburh      hêrian þorfte , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :þæt ys on Englisc, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Et issi de la volte dont fort sont li mural; , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :and hwilc wīte hī geearonodon. , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Pour assaillir la ville fet sa gent conraer. , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :meae et stultitiae ignoscas. nunc demum scio , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :CAL. Dic utrum Spemne an Salutem te salutem, Pseudole? , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :MEG. Video hercle ego te me arbitrari, Euclio, hominem idoneum, , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :En l'ost nen ot destrier fors Bucifal l'amblant , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :and swā hē stīðlīcor mid andwerdum untrumnyssum ofsett wæs, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :LYS. Multa illi opera opust ficturae, qui se fictorem probum , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :760æfen-spræce,      up-lang âstôd , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Nemo; nisi quem iusseris. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :Puis s'en revint as Grieus si coiement arrier , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :þonne sē þe hit þafað? , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :And hē ēode cucu and gesund intō his byrgene, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :tō ēacan þæs landes scēawunge, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :wyrta wynsume,      mid þām sē wilda fugel , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :citroque sulcos perpetuos ducito. Vites teneras quam primum propagato, , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :spec tō þīnum discipulum be þām mægenum þe þīn Lārēow dyde, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Et commande a ses homes que il soit devalés. , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :10Ēalā beorht bune!  ēalā byrnwiga! , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :tune hic amator audes esse, hallex viri, , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :ER. Hodie id fiet. MEN. In eo uterque proelio potabimus; , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :Por ce q'a icel jor iert li rois terminés, , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :Li autre en avra nuef et li tiers uit, ce croy, , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :1265morðre gemearcod      man-dreám fleón, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :La vit Emenidon tant fierement aidier, , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :Þā ðā hē þus þrīwa gedōn hæfde, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :quae haec gestitavit. HAL. Hicine tu ergo habitas? PHAN. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :eum inclamare (utut erga me est meritus, mihi cordi est tamen), , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :Ençois q'en son païs puisse ja revenir, , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :Palinvrvs Quo ted hoc noctis dicam proficisci foras , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :Fors des felons, que Dex cravent! , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :es tu quidem. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :Volo hic, Pardalisca, esse: qui hiuc exeat , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :Ainsi comme as puceles de cest bos vient a cure, , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :nisi, quidquid est, procul hinc lubet priu' quid sit sciscitari. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :Ens el vaissel de voirre qui bons est et entiers. , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :165atol ân-gengea,      oft gefremede , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Þær wäs sang and swêg      samod ätgädere , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :LABR. Perii, animo male fit. contine quaeso caput. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :lege: dulce amarumque una nunc misces mihi. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :ond hē welt eallra gesceafta swā swā hē æt fruman getiohhod hæfde ond gēt hæfð. , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Dedens l'eaue s'est mise par force lor veant. , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :Qui plus souef flairoit que mirre ne canele; , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :sed scin quid te amabo ut facias? MEN. Impera quid vis modo. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :for þām þe hēo ys firmest bōca and spricð be ǣlcum gecinde: , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :<ei> datum erit: hoc qui cogam re ipsa repperi. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :Abi rus, abi dierectus tuam in prouinciam. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :†fâh and fäted,      þät þät fýr ongon , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :äfter billes bite      blôd-fâg swefeð, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :ne se interemat. ALC. O Salute mea salus salubrior, , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :ōþer sȳ of hwæles hȳde geworht, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :and ongitað Godes milðeortnesse sīo is nū mid ūs geworden. , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :optumas frustrationes dederis in comoediis. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :mearum aedium et conclavium mihi pervium facitis? , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :Nam ecastor nunc Bacchae nullae ludunt. LY. Oblitus fui. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :PIN. Poste unguenta multigenerum multa. GEL. Non vendo , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :XXV. HROTHGARS GRATITUDE: HE DISCOURSES. , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :STRAT. Istud pauxillum differt a cavillibus. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :non hodie hoc tantum flagitium facerent canis capitibus; , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :on Ebrēisc cweþende, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :mærða gemunde,      mägen-strengo, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :†geond þät säld swæfun.      Þâ þær sôna wearð , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :äðele ord-fruma      Ecgþeów hâten; , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Þus ēadig eorl      ēcan drēames, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :[] Ficos et oleas altero modo. Quod genus aut ficum aut oleam , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :2575wealdan môste,      swâ him Wyrd ne gescrâf , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Que vi venir orainz si tost? , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :de Tyr, qui le vont menaçant , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :Beau sire Ogrin, vostre merci, , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :witodlīce þæt hē for gȳtsunge uncyste nānum ōðrum syllan ne mæg, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Hui perdrons tuit les testes, de verté le sachois. , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :Vers ceus par qui blasme ert levé. , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :E vent, sil dit a sun seingnur. , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :qui haberet qui pararet alium, hunc perpeti. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :si hercle faxis, non opinor dices deceptum fore. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :atque ut iubeat ferri in navim si quid imponi velit. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :Et qui en sa compaigne avoient meillor lox , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :PAM. quid cessas? PAR. quid vis dicam? an conveniam modo? , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :Et par un tout seul home seront tuit delivré. , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :þæt sind gerehte fēowertig wera, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :"En moie foi, amis, mal nos est avenu. , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :Tristran après, e puis le rei, , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :verum profecto hoc petere me precario , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :L'anël de sun dei saché ont , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :nýde genýdde      niðða bearna , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Beheald æfter þē, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :wîs, wel-þungen,      þeáh þe wintra lyt , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :requireres, , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :Li mestre des escolles, li bon clerc sapïent, , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :Qar mis estoit a grant freor , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :Molt se fïent el roi et il forment en lor. , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :Behealdaþ ēow and gesēoþ hine, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :nam tibi iam ut pereas paratum est dupliciter, nisi supprimis , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :Que d'iluec fustes eschapez, , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :Þā ne mihte sē pāpa þæt geðafian, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :De vaus granz et parfons, perilleus et soutiz; , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :þe wē gehyrn ymbe sprǣcon, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Se ainsi nos demaine, dont somes nos bricon." , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :manta. BAL. Omitte. CAL. Ballio, audi. BAL. Surdus , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :Porrus voit sa compaigne qui vait affebloiant , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :Et Litonas se pasme, ne se puet astenoir. , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :Ja, s'il veut, en sa vie mes povres ne sera. , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :Si fiert Emenidus en la targe florie , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :Hanste ot roide de fresne, li fers fu bien temprez, , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :etiam nunc mulier intust? SYR. Etiam. EVT. Sequere me. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :Ja mais n'en osast uns retorner ne guenchir, , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :lufode þâ leóde,      lîð-wæge bär , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Semper obundantes hastas frangitque quatitque: , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :2475here-nîð hearda,      syððan Hrêðel swealt, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :"Fetes cerchier la mer trusqu'au port Danïel, , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :sicine oportet ire amicos homini amanti operam datum? , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :O sa gent i entra li rois de Jostarus, , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :Desci que il noz voeille et lessier et guerpir. , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :Le roi dotent por l'aventure. , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :LYS. Tantumst. DEM. Lysimache, salve. LYS. Euge, , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :Autresi sont encor li garçon plain d'envie; , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :mater dicta quod sum, eo magis studeo vitae; , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :Chascuns ait armes et cheval, , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :corðra mǣste.      Him sē clǣne þǣr , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :būton Hāmtūnscīre; , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Car molt sont fol li home qui d'avoir se font baut; , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :A l'en juré par Cornoualle: , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :conminuito. Areas facito pedes latas quaternos; subcavas facito, uti aquam , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :ge ēac be norþan Temese, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Ond hwīlum eft þǣm unhālum, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Plus souef eult d'encens quant on l'a enbrasé. , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :at numquid aliud? , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :Bonement commença les dieus a deproier , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :SC. Vna opera ebur atramento candefacere postules. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :quod celatum atque occultatum est usque adhuc, nunc non potest. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :ðæt hē hine nǣfre under bæc ne bisāwe, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Si s'afiche es estriers les fers en fait croissir, , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :cave tu illi fidelis, quaeso, potius fueris, quam mihi. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :ǣfre hē sceal gefadian hit swā þæt þæt Englisc hæbbe his āgene wīsan, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :hraþe sīo stǣnene onlīcnes sendde mycel wæter þurh hiere mūþ swā sealt, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :illic est pater patrem esse ut aequom est filio. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :Car peça quë il le seüt, , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :D'un Grieu q'ot abatu en menoit le cheval; , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :Ond æfter þissum gefeohte cuōm micel sumorlida. , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Que s'il eüst le cuer broïd'une estincele , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :SERV. Compedes te capere oportet neque eas unquam ponere. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :äðeling unwrecen      ealdres linnan. , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Quë il ne fud unques ben cert , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :ond þysne middangeard tōclēofeð, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :De duel ne puet suner un mot. , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :and þæt grēot ūtāwegan. , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Cil avoit en l'estor Licanor acuelli , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :Tout ouvré par nature de chauz et de quarrel; , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :Tholomers comme rois li a raison rendue: , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :Qui les tresors avoient et les mons de deniers , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :ubi si quid poscam, usque ad ravim poscam prius , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :et uti bonis vos vostrosque omneis nuntiis , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :neque gementem neque plorantem nostrum quisquam audivimus; , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :Mort sunt li cunte, se est ki mei en creit. , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :Mes li Greu ont la ville bien assize de prés , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :and bodian þām hǣþenum þæs Hǣlendes naman and þone sōðan gelēafan on fyrlenum landum. , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Sovent vienent a parlement , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :atol äglæca,      him on eaxle wearð , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :tīr æt getohte;      wæs sēo tīd cumen , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :C'onques de nule gent mais ausi grans ne fu, , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :'ego ius iurandum verbis conceptis dedi, , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :Et au roy Nicholas raconta son affere; , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :Ne croiras pas que voir en die, , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :eam ego hodie faciam ut hic senex de proxumo , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :Une coupe d'or fin a li rois demandee , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :ut ille me exornavit, ita sum ornatus; argentum hoc facit. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :Car le me faites delivrer: , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :gyddum geômore,      þätte Grendel wan, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :PER. Quid ego nunc faciam? consilium a te expetesso, Apoecides. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :is obiit mortem." ibi tum hanc eiectam Chrysidis , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :quasi aquam ferventem frigidam esse, ita vos putatis leges. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :2805sê scel tô gemyndum      mînum leódum , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :wælwigende geond ðā eorðan wōdum gelīcost. , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :SOS. Obsecro ut per pacem liceat te alloqui, ut ne vapulem. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :ond hē his feorh generede, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Li latimiers parole et a dit a Porru: , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :Nequedent jo l'ai si veüe , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :and þæt man ōðrum miltsode; , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :2415gearo gûð-freca,      gold-mâðmas heóld, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Per qu'ieu laus lo vens acuelha , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :Flos delibatus populi suadaeque medulla. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :MERC. Cadus erat vini, inde implevi hirneam. SOS. Ingressust , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :leóda duguðe,      se þær lengest hwearf, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Par un herbé tut les deceit: , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :Si ne sent pas le mal amer; , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :PHILOL. Ergo ob istuc verbum te, Scapha, donabo ego hodie aliqui, , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :Et li baron dedens l'ont ainsi bien gardee , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :and nis nān þing būton him gesceapan. , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Felon, qui cuidoit faire tout le mont perillier. , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :Clypa mē on dæge ðīnre gedrēfednysse, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Tels d'amor se volt avancier , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :Venit Hanno Poenus, gnatum hunc fratris repperit , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :moi, damoisele, est ce dont verités? , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :Qant la dame lïee virent. , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :Que li venisse aidier encontre vostre gent, , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :earmum and ēadigum; , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :qui possim videri huic fortis, a me ut abstineat manum. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :and þær on innan      eall gedælan , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Clos est en une volte et murez environ, , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :Li Grieu ont desconfit , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :lēofne lofiað.      Ic þæs līfes ne mæg , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :vicinum; praemercatur ancillam senex. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :And hē āstāg on heofonas. , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :DEM. Male cubandum est: iudicatum me uxor abducit domum. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :ac hē hīe grētte and hīe swā forlēt. , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :tibi non det gnatam; nec tu <ea> causa minueris , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :ond welt ǣlces þinges endebyrdlīce, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :and þe þâ andsware      ädre gecýðan, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Ne fort baille environ ne granz fossez trenchiez, , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :Et de tout ton pensé la verité orras, , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :CH. non usu' veniet, spero. SY. spero hercle ego quoque, , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :Him ðā ofstum tō,   ufan of roderum , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :hwǣr is þæt tīber,   þæt þū torht Gode , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Par grant vertu li ront son hauberc jasarant, , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :Je voi ces mons, ces vaus, ces plains et ces laris, , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :Les compaignes se mellent et fremissent les os, , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :wudu wunden-hals      tô Weder-mearce. , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Tant i a esmeraudes et pierres de sardoine , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :nunc mi opportuna hic esset, salva si foret. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :Mīne gebrōðra þā lēofostan, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :hī feallað bēgen on ǣnne pytt. , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :nē tō ðon mōdelīco gestrēon hēr on worlde, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :PHILEM. Ego verum amo, verum volo dici mihi: mendacem odi. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :†Gewât þâ ofer wæg-holm      winde gefýsed , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Demipho Chremes Geta , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :"Biaus fieus, dont venés vos?" "Dame, je vieng du , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :En sa forest ou dormoit fort. , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :Tanz riches reis cunduiz a mendistiet: , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :SOS. Sosia ille, quem iam dudum dico, is qui me contudit. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :PAM. interii; quor mihi id non dixti? PAR. quia non poteram , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :et aliud datum erit, salva recte reddito, nisi quae vetustate fracta erunt. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :SOSIA« Nec Bacchum salutem hodie, nec Cererem. Tu purgar jusseras , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :Chascuns tint en son poing une pierre puignal; , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :dicam ut scias. Pal. Si rogitem, quid respondeas? , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :non licet. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :þät heó on ænigne      eorl gelýfde , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :ac hē þone dēoflīcan dēað feor nyðer ātræd; , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :si quid erit quod illi placeat, de exemplo meo , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :fûs and fæge      flet-räste gebeág. , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Eft ðā ðā sē wælhrēowa ne mihte dahes ēadigan apostoles bodunge ālecgan, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :. . . Qu'il n'en creüst pas losangier , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :A quarante mil homes la truevent conreee; , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :Þâ wäs on morgen      mîne gefræge , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Mot volentiers, se je pooie, , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :Qu'il n'a sor moi botons menuz. , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :ond þæt corn eall forbærndon, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Godes sunu, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :mærða gemyndig      mæg Hygelâces; , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :beorn in burgum,      þonne his bearna hwylc, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Le vin, les chanestiaus ont primes destrossé, , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :Weder-Geáta leód      word ût faran, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Gȳt ðā Grēgōrius befrān, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Þǣr sē ēadga mōt      eardes nēotan, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Se mestier m'est, que vos saiez , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :Les unes sont vestues de bons pailes röés, , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :C. SVLPICI APOLLINARIS , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :For þone wē habbaþ nēdþearfe þæt wē tō lande ne fylgeon unwitweorcum, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Nule riens ne lor faut, ains ont de tout assés , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :non radicitus quidem hercle, verum etiam exradicitus. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :aliquem hominem adlegent qui mi advenienti os occillet probe; , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :tibi quidem quod ames domi praestost, fidicina, opera mea; , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :Byrhtwold maþelode,      bord hafenode, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :næs þæs ðe hit ðafað, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :þæt hē hēr on worlde for Gode rihtlīce lifge, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Geanbȳda hēr oð þæt in gā eall mennisc cynn, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Ergo abi hinc sis. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :MEN. Quid? tu me lucustam censes esse, homo ignavissime? , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :bearn unweaxen,   swā him bēbēad Metod. , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :sweordum āswefede,    swylce seofene ēac , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Et tant acroit et tant barate, , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :Qui ferront aveuc lui es estors de manois, , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :Car ele le cuidoit avoir par mariage; , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :feorh æfter fylle,      þonne fromlīce , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :3125hilde-rinc sum      on handa bär , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :SI. nempe ergo aperte vis quae restant me loqui? DA. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :*. Idem Cato cum in Hispaniam navigaret, unde cum triumpho rediit, non aliud vinum bibit quam remiges. (Plin. N.H. .) , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :on lenctenne      līfes tācen , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Hit gedafenað þæt Allēlūia sȳ gesungen on ðām lande tō lofe þæs ælmihtigan Scyppendes. , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :S'il se veut es desers rere ou tondre ou baignier, , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :ac þȳ wyrsan. , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Geare ic þæt ongeat, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Li Grieu vont a la mer lor labour commencier, , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :sē cāsere, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :þæt gē gelēofon on mīnum Drihtne Hǣlendum Crīste. , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :þonne sweorda gelâc      sunu Healfdenes , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :De ciaus que li fus n'art sont li pluisor tüé; , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :âgendes êst      ær gesceáwod. , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :SYNC. Facile. MIL. Fac ergo id facile noscam ego, ut , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :Cil les rent son seignor; Nicholas les fet lire. , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :sed Bacchidem eccam video stare ante ostium: , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :namque edepol aliud quidem illi quid amica opus sit nescio. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :aedilis est: si quae improbae sunt merces, iactat omnis. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :PAR. Scio, captiones metuis. DIAB. Verum. PAR. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :†1715eaxl-gesteallan,      ôð þät he âna hwearf, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Qant li sires du mont laira hui sa gent sole." , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :Et ot en sa compaigne plus de mil Arrabis, , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :Drihten him tō cwǣð, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :CHAR. Optume advenis, puere, cape chlamydem atque istic sta , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :Et plus de troi cens cors sonerent par le plain; , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :Ja mais n'en iert drois pris ne gages receüs. , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :DA. Mea popularis, obsecro, haec est? TR. Non tu Cyrenensis , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :Et fu des notoniers en haute mer menés, , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :Carles serat ad Ais, a sa capele; , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :Li rois par maintes fois a ses barons mandés, , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :sese de fundo L. Manli neque alium quemquam suo dolo malo oledum neque , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :lenonis huius meretricem maiusculam. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :fuge, obsecro hercle. TH. Quo fugiam? etiam tu fuge. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :nonne hac noctu nostra navis <huc> ex portu Persico , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :Lyc. Quid hoc quod ad te venio? Capp. Dicas quid velis. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :ne bið hrinen mid þȳ storme þæs wintres; , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Que garder durent mon ami , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :samod mid þām gebrōðrum āstrehte hine tō Iōhannes fōtswaðum, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Te dormitare aibas : mensa ablata 'st, cubitum hinc abiimus. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :causa experires. Hanc oportet mane ieiunum esse. Insomnis vel siquis est , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :se wäs Hrôðgâre      häleða leófost , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Þǣm wǣre māre ðearf þe þā ōðre unscyldige yflað, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :mâðm-æhta mâ,      þêh he þær monige geseah, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :And wurdon fela gehǣlde untrumra manna and ēac swilce nȳtena þurh ðā ylcan rōde, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :†his freá-wine      flâne geswencte, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Et sancz Lethgiers mul en fud trists, , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :OL. Age, tibicen, dum illam educunt huc nouam nuptam foras, , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :ǣgðer ge on Defenum ge wel hwǣr be ðǣm sǣriman. , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :þē lǣs bið tōdǣled from þǣre eaxe. , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Pur la sue l'ai coneüe. , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :N'i porroie parler, car el chief ai dolor." , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :Que vos ja hui jurastes et feïstes fiance; , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :Ainc n'i vint se cil non qui remanoir n'osot. , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :ond sīo nafu on ðǣre eaxe. , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :þā þe ic longe mid dysignesse beēode, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Li Grigois l'apeloient dant Caulus Menalis , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :filium concastigato. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :Ðā wearð borda gebræc;      brimmen wōdon, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :hilde-strengo;      hreðer inne weóll, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :PYTH. At iam afferetur, si a foro ipsus redierit. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :Setton him tô heáfdum      hilde-randas, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Hē forgifð  trūwan ūre forhtunge, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Sa gent est entour lui, qui mout pleure et soupire; , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :N'i voi or point de ton pooir, , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :swā mon tō andleofne      eorðan wæstmas , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :A la roi cort, de son linage. , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :SOPH. Cesso ire ego quo missa sum? , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :{De.} quod remedium? {Ge.} ut abii abs te, fit forte obviam , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :et ut adfleat, cum ea memoret. SAT. Etiam tu taces? , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :Et qui era li|om primers , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :E del cunte Tristran parler, , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :vel, si dignu's alio pacto, neque ament nec faciant bene. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :«Tenez vos reignes par les noz, , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :stæpmǣlum nēar ond nēar, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :ne inconciliare quid nos porro postules. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :Assés fu li touniaus des poissons esgardés, , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :Rois, vos n'amastes onques losengier ne garçon , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :quid est? quid ridetis? novi omnes, scio fures esse hic complures, , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :tu si quid opus est dice. PLES. Dic quod te rogo, , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :fǣgre foldan;      fugelas cyrrað , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :lēof ealdorman, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :þǣr hē his heorðwerod     holdost wiste. , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :earm and eaxle      (þær wäs eal geador , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :hē tō heofenum wlāt: , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :swā swā hȳ ǣr dydon. , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :E jo l'aventure ne soi , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :oððe nǣfre. , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :fortunatum Nicobulum, qui illum produxit sibi. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :sed ea ut sim implicitus dicam, si operaest auribus , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :Ecfodere hercle hic uolt, credo, uesicam uilico. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :Il et Antipater, et par venim morir. , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :nec manu adseruntur neque illinc partem quisquam postulat. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :non dedisse. MAT. Immo hercle vero, nos non falsum dicere.] , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :and ǣrest ðone pāpan Pelāgium gestōd, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :1670feóndum ätferede;      fyren-dæda wräc, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :mære þeóden.      mon-dreámum from: , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Le nom lour dist, del pedre e de la medre, , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :verum quamquam multa malaque dicta dixistis mihi, , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :Or sui si graime que ne puis estre plus. » no , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :cum nutrice una sunt surruptae parvolae. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :id faciebat retinendi illi(u)s causa, quia illa quae cupiebat , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :eald under eorðan;      näs þät ýðe ceáp, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Que il ne pot parler ne c'une beste mue, , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :Si quel verront grant et petit, , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :Pur ço dei le mal gré aveir. , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :<de> navi timidae ambae in scapham insiluimus, quia videmus , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :eschiele, Emenidus d'Arcage, , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :liberas virgines mercatur? , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :Li est li sanz ou cors troblez et commeüs; , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :ond hīs þā ǣfèstan tungangedeofanade singan. , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Et en feu ardoir, par le nain, , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :dist li messages, se toi plaist j'en irai; , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :hēah and hālig!      Heofonas sindon , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Florés parla avant, qui li rendi salus: , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :häft hyge-giômor,      sceolde heán þonon , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :C'est uns fluns de la terre qui l'avirone et lie. , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :vilain des montaingnes, li riche Beduïn, , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :si poterit fieri ut ne pater per me stetisse credat , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :nimium difficilest reperiri amicum ita ut nomen cluet, , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :Tristran quida Ysolt gurpir , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :Quant la gent Nicholas, qui vint aprés armee, , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :. . . Qui voudra que je plus en face, , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :for hwon forlēte þū mē? , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :El cercle de son hiaume sont paint li douze mois; , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :Tuit mun servise e ma franchïse , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :multo adeo melius quam illi, quom sum Iupiter. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :Hēr gefōr Ælfrēd Aþulfing, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :eadem postquam alium repperit qui plus daret, , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :†895þät he beáh-hordes      brûcan môste , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :worulde lîfes      and se wyrm somod; , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :qui erat anu peculiaris, perdidit paenissume. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :Lassus sum, hercle, e navi, ut vectus huc sum; etiam nunc nauseo. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :êðel Scyldinga.      He þær eallum wearð, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :and gehwilce ǣnlīpige sind mid fǣrlīcum slihte āwēste. , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :ond noldon nǣnne þīngere gesēcan, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Emenidus fiert l'autre du branc a or letré, , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :þæt hē ðǣr þurh hungres scearpnysse ācwǣle. , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :neque deprecatio perfidiis meis nec male factis fuga est, , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :EVCL. Sat habeo. age nunc loquere quid vis. LYC. Si me , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :and-longne eorl      ellen cýðan, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Ac mā wēn is þæt þū onsende þīnne engel sē hit mæg hrædlīcor gefaran, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :A grant paine souffrirent la chalor et le rost. , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :Seur l'escu de son col fiert le duc de Nazaire, , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :swā ic hit lǣs mētte. , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Mais Dayres ne sot mie q'Alixandres li rois , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :"Tholomé, dist li rois, se Dieus me beneïe, , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :Je sui niez le roy Daire, ne le te quier celer, , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :La roïne respont: "Tais te, foleteüre! , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :Gewât him þâ se hearda      mid his hond-scole , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :nunc adeo edico tibi , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :ibo, etsi hercle saepe iam me spes haec frustratast. vale. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :eatenus. abeunt a fabris. unum ubi emeritum est stipendium, , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :La veïssiés les Grieus belement assambler, , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :and cweðende, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :†1865ge wið feónd ge wið freónd      fäste geworhte , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :MEN. Tun, senex, ais habitare med in illisce aedibus? , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :Hom qui a set vins ans, de noient ne vos ment, , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :Touz les sieges du mont ne prise deus besans , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :abstulimus; facile meus pater quod volt facit. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :Ic þæt ne forhycge      heortan geþoncum, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :SY. vis amare, vis potiri, vis quod des illi effici; , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :el destrier missodour , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :inmerito; nam meritu' de me est quod queam illi ut commodem. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :Forlēt þā drenga sum      daroð of handa, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Þā forrād sīo fierd hīe foran, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :CHRYS. Ne unum quidem hercle, si sapis. NIC. Sine perlegam. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :hūru ðīn heorte swā forhtige for ðām dēadbǣrum drence. , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :iam ille illuc ad erum cum Amphitruonem advenerit, , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :Vos en repentirés, a tort m'avés blasmé. , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :Ēac him wolde Ēadrīc    his ealdre gelǣstan, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Les portes sont d'ivoire, onques n'i toucha fus, , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :abibo hinc, praesens quando promoveo parum. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :Mais ains que soions mort ne livré a martire , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :Semblant comme së il dormoit, , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :apud suom paternum hospitem, lepidum senem; , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :puer herclest. mulier, tun posisti hunc? MY. ubi illic est? , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :þonne tōdǣlað hī his feoh, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :onhliden hlēoþra wyn,      heofonrīces duru. , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :quiqui tamen , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :neque unde eam neque quorsum eam: ita prorsu' sum oblitus mei. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :Por ce que tu fus humles et de sorparler mus , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :and cwǣdon, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :rediissem salvos, ea ego exsolvam omnia. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :Crito Chremes Simo Pamphilvs , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :nam amatorem aibat esse peregrinum sibi , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :Tres en mi lieu du pré sort une fontenele , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :hār hilderinc,      hyssas bylde, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :scencte scîr wered.      Scôp hwîlum sang , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :AMPHITRUO« Tun', furcifer, meis me procul prohibessis aedibus? , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :þū wast þæt ic eam flǣsclīc man, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Biówulfes biorh,      þâ þe brentingas , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :molendum esse in pistrino, vapulandum; habendae compedes, , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :Li vens le fiert entre les dras, , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :sibi me obsecravit, qui se sciret non deserturum, ut darem. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :brûcan môste.      Beorh eal gearo , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Si s'afiche es estriers qu'en croissent li lorain , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :for þǣre getacnunge þæt God wile þæt wē simle wel dōn oð ende ūres līfes: , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Ainsi comme Alixandres a leü son escrit , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :vel ad fabrum ferrarium pro passis eae recte servantur. Poma, mala strutea, , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :Iluec déduit liedement sa poverte. , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :SOS. Quis homo? MERC. Quisquis homo huc profecto venerit, , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :þone wlitigan wong      and wuldres setl , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :1875ealdum infrôdum,      ôðres swîðor, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :þǣr þǣr þū ǣr gesāwe æfter flǣsclīcere gecynde fægre leomu on tō sēonne. , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :þæt hit gefylled wæs. , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Mas tot sia cum a lieys platz. , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :Puis li a cuitement rendue la cité , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :quam ego illis posthac quod loquantur creduam, , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :hilde-tuxum      here-syrcan bräc, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Hwī synt gē forhte? , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :and ðǣr rihte cwelan, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Com cil qui n'en doit estre de nului blastengiés, , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :Encor los ad espiritiels; , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :Tant a or en lor armes et d'Arrabe et d'Espaigne , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :Cis signes senefie molt grant destruiement. , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :biter wæs sē beadurǣs,      beornas fēollon , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :ego me dixi erum adducturum et me domi praesto fore; , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :ut cum uno aetatem degeret? quod tu vetas. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :Nam ut dudum ante lucem a portu me praemisisti domum... , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :ut animus in spe atque in timore usque ant(e)hac attentus fuit, , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :Mais as plus povres le do net a mangier. , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :ego certe me incerto scio hoc daturum nemini homini. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :"Sophrona modo fratrem huc" inquit "senis introduxit Chremem" , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :þät he ne mêtte      middan-geardes , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :aut si in mellina attulisti. TH. Di te perdant. EP. Te , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :OL. Non ego istuc uerbum empsim titiuillicio: , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :†2225ac for þreá-nêdlan      þeów nât-hwylces , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :TR. Cuius modi gynaeceum? quid porticum? TH. Insanum , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :nam mihi quale ingenium haberes fuit indicio oratio: , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :C'onques en un seul jor ne pot tant gaaignier , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :mære cempa!      Nu is þînes mägnes blæd , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :S'il en a une oeille, j'en avrai deus moutons. , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :quos dare se promisit, dabit. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :Mercurius formam Sosiae servi gerit , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :an ista non sit Philocomasium atque alia eius similis sit? , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :þæt hīe hine willað ācwellan and him tō mete gedōn. , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Wuldriað þone Dryhten Crȳst, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Por moi sejorner ne t'ennuit. , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :atri circumponito circum radices et terram insuper inicito. Per vindemiam , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :PAR. in arcem? quid eo? PAM. Callidemidem hospitem , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :and earfull be ðæs apostoles hǣse hām gewende. , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Ita loquor. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :r<ei> tibist? , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :solus ego omnis longe antideo , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :ðe of dēaðe ārās, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Pharés prist le cheval, qu'il ne s'oublia mie, , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :1900ofer Hrôðgâres      hord-gestreónum. , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :sunu Healfdenes,      sêcean cwômon, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Hē sǣde ðæt Norðmanna land wǣre swȳþe lang and swȳðe smæl. , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :wigan tō wīge,      þā hwīle þe hē wǣpen mæge , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :nec Iugulae neque Vesperugo neque Vergiliae occidunt. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :þonne wyn þū nū ongēan þone wuldres Cyning; , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Daires l'avoit tenu quatorze ans prisonier, , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :Or vois querant mon oncle par estranges regnés." , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :þǣm biscope his lārēowe, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :twā nosðirlu, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :"De devers Babilone, ce dist la damoisele, , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :« Herum fallere, minis et dolis incessere. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :Q'il avra tous mandés en une qarentaine. , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :Si qu'il facent lor curres contre terre verser; , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :þȳ lǣs hī for longum gesǣlðum hī tō ūp āhebben, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :at mi infidelis non est. STAS. Audi cetera. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :DEM. Dono te ob istuc dictum, ut expers sis metu. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :†and þâ gyddode      gûðe gefýsed, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :wunað wäl-reste      wyrmes dædum; , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :ðā nīwan ond ðā ungelēaffullan mōd mid hira lāre gelǣde tō ryhtum gelēafan. , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :dum odorem malum dempseris. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :Et a dit a ses hommes: "Demain fetes martire, , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :quo minus haec fierent nuptiae, volo; sed si id non poterit, , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :PHIL. Istuc ne praecipias, facile memoria memini tamen. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :serg (?) cearig sælde      geneahhe , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Et quierent Tholomé grant piece loins des nos; , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :(funambuli <eo>dem accessit exspectatio), , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :wlonces wîg-cräft,      wiðres ne trûwode, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Qui bien se sevent d'armes et en estor aidier; , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :bîdan wolde,      ac mid bæle fôr, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :DINIARCHVS Piscis ego credo, qui usque dum vivont lavant, , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :orationis. satis est. sequere hac me ac tace. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :qui et rem servat et se bene habet suisque amicis usui est. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :E quanque i affirt al sevise, , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :wîc-stede weligne      Wægmundinga, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :oculi dolent. PIN. Cur? PHAN. Quia fumus molestust. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :Flôd blôde weól      (folc tô sægon) , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Hêt þâ up beran      äðelinga gestreón, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :in gām sē Cyning þæs ēcan wuldres. , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Qu'il parlera a vous, ja n'en iert pris respis: , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :mâga rîce.      Me þîn môd-sefa , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :cystum gecýðed,      and his cwên mid him , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :and hē mid his blētsunge þæt wæter tō æðelum wīne āwende. , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Sē hālga Andrēas þā ēode tō þæs carcernes duru and hē worhte Crīstes rōde tācen, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :gif hī āsterede bīoð ond geswencte. , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :HAR. Quis istic Pseudolust? BAL. Praeceptor tuos, qui , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :melz ti fura non fusses naz , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :mago-þegn môdig      mâððum-sigla fela, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :ac hē wæs godcundlīce gefultumod, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :þā ealle þā dēoflu clypigende ānre stefne, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :ac me geûðe      ylda waldend, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Si est vostre niés, sire reis: , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :Jo crei que m'amera petit: , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :onsýn ænig,      ac hyne ecg fornam. , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :and ēac se dēað ys hyne ondrǣdende — and mȳn sāwl ys swā unrōt þæt mē þinð þæt ic ālybban ne mæg — For þig hē ys mycel wyðerwynna, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :me esse indotatam. SAT. Cave sis tu istuc dixeris. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :E d'Isolt vus entremetrez. , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :« Nam ego, ille alter Sosia, qui illeic sum, me malis mucavit modis. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :Þæt gafol bið on dēora fellum, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Ainc n'eüs escrivain o toi ne conteor, , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :Mout se sont bien li Grieu icel jor conbatu, , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :Þonne bióð brocene      on bâ healfe , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :De pos plains de sablon fet tant dedenz lancier , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :on monna sāula. , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Por qoi eüstes vos jovente? , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :Quant si deit partir lur amur: , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :E volt iço qu'il ne desire; , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :ARGYRIPPVS Sicine hoc fit? foras aedibus me eici? , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :La main menude, qui l'almosne desidret : , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :þus cweðende, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Qui vout Tristran livrer a mort , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :Cele part ou il torne sont il molt effreé , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :and hīe cwǣdon, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Courent par la contree, qu'il troverent vestue; , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :orleg-hwîla:      ic þät eall gemon. , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Li mires du garir forment les asseüre, , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :Toz a genoz chiet en la glise. , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :†Þær ät hýðe stôd      hringed-stefna, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :and hē wyle genyman hig of þām wege heora unryhtwȳsnysse? , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :nam tuom flagitiumst tuas te popularis pati , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :Et a dit a ses hommes: "Penssez de l'esploitier." , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :"Baron, dist Tholomés, or m'est bien avenu; , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :Por le maingier haster voisent avant li qeu." , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :Dunc m'irt fort a sofrir sun lit; , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :†Gemunde þâ þâ âre,      þe he him ær forgeaf , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Vois m'en, imais ne prendrai some. , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :earumque artem et disciplinam optineat colere. Per. Quem ad modum? , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :Plus en seras doutez et criens.» , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :Siððan ic hīe heliornod hæfde, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :1555geweóld wîg-sigor,      witig drihten; , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :†wrâðe forwurpe.      Þâ hyne wîg beget, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :þurh his hidercyme      hālgum tōgēanes, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :nē wearm weder      nē winterscūr , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :and his brōðru mid him,    bēgen ærndon, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Vestu l'a et chaucié a loi d'emperaor. , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :CAL. Quid mi es auctor, huic ut mittam, ne amicam hic meam prostituat? , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :miris modis odisse coepit Sostratam: , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :vidi esse. quid, cedo, te obsecro tam abhorret hilaritudo? , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :MERCURIUS« Lucri'st, quod miseriam deputat : nam uxorem usurariam , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :"Sire, ce dist Porrus, malement sui navrés. , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :Et Alains et Sansons ont la siste menee; , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :Et il atendent tant que li roys l'ait conquise, , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :häfde þâ gefrunen,      hwanan sió fæhð ârâs, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Wōd þā wīges heard,      wǣpen ūp āhōf, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Sē hāliga Andrēas þā ūt ēode of þǣm carcerne, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :220wunden-stefna      gewaden häfde, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Magon wē þonne, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Bewre li rova aporter. , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :Sollicitari te Tite sic noctesque diesque , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :dels olivers alaquant las branches , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :1630Þâ wäs of þäm hrôran      helm and byrne , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Qui sibi eam uxorem poscat: scit, si id impetret, , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :35sweart and sealo-brûn;      swurd-leóma stôd , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Ce qu'il fu abatus iert ains nuit comperé. , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :Nylle ic þæs synfullan dēað, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :De la corgie l'a feru , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :quo vocatus sum ire ad cenam? mox huc cubitum venero. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :"Vos en doins ge le pris, et s'en port garantie , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :Omnem rem gnoscunt : geminos illa enititur. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :verum ubi dies decem continuos sit, east odiorum Ilias: , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :Þæt wæter wēox oþ mannes swūran and swīþe hit ǣt hyra līchaman. , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Suoque amico Plesidippo iungitur. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :discrucior animi, quia ab domo abeundum est mihi. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :þā ðā ic myd eallum untrum wæs. , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :SOS. Nusquam equidem bibi. AMPH. Quid hoc sit , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :commetare ad mulierculam, quae paullulo , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :Les mesages apelle si a le brief ploié. , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :Et truevent l'amiraut desous un pin seant. , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :Il li vol faire mult amet; , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :oþ þe hyt eall ālēd bið on þǣre ānre mīle; , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Nū þincð mē, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :nive in carcerem compingi <te> est aequom aetatemque ibi , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :etiam ipsus ultro debet argentario: , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :Ēalā ic hālsige þē þurh þȳne mægenu and ēac þurh mȳne þæt ðū nǣfe ne geþafige þæt hē in on mē cume, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :ad eundem modum, tamquam oleas. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :nam ad sapientiam huius *** nimius nugator fuit. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :wē āstigon mid him on scip; , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Qui entre eus les desevrot, , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :Bien ert seant, al puin estreit; , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :ita ego te hinc ornatum amittam, tu ipsus te ut non noveris. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :Mes fierement li dist parole aperceüe. , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :Bien resamble mendis, si drap furent usé. , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :and hē āþenede his hand and genam, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :B. Facito ut facias. S. Taceas. tu tuom facito: ego quod , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :post ob virtutem hero Amphitruoni patera donata aurea'st. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :ut matrem addecet familias, aut Syram aut Aegyptiam: , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :dudum dimidiam petebas partem. TRACH. Immo etiam nunc peto. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :ea dixit, eum Diniarchi puerum inventum filium. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :« Id Sosiae factum'st opera, qui me hodie quoque praesentem ausit , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :Lacié elme luisant, çainte espee forbie; , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :bene merenti bene profuerit, male merenti par erit. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :ita negotium institutumst, non datur cessatio; , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :quidquid peperisset decreverunt tollere. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :Þās gymstānas synde tōcwȳsede for ȳdelum gylpe, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :þæt Englisce cȳpmenn brōhton heora ware tō Rōmānabyrig, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :andongēan cuman      Godes condelle, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :sēo sunne hit forswǣlde, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Jo main ma vie en grant dolur, , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :ond ealra monna, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Durent il estre tuit destruit. , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :Pus est as piez le roi asise. , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :Ains pert molt de sa terre, q'ainsi veulent li dé. , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :omnia, ut quidquid infuit, ita salva sistentur tibi. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :ac wē him ne cunnon æfter spyrigean, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :N'i a si haute tour ou nos bien n'avegnon, , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :Or nos covient gerpir Morrois, , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :Fateri ergo aequomst. quid intus agitur? quid agit Casina? satin morigerast? , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :"Va, fait il, di le roi, de cui nos fiés tenom, , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :omnibus os opturent, ne quis merito male dicat sibi. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :leóf his leódum      lond Brondinga, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :L. Quid si attigero? T. Extemplo hercle ego te follem , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :sâwol sêcean      sôð-fästra dôm. , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :manere illam apud te, dos hic maneat, Demipho. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :At candidatus cedit hic mastigia, , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :Grēgōrius ðā of innweardre heortan langsume siccetunge tēah, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :ā būtan ende. , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :ðā losade hīo him sōna. , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :ond ic ēac lǣre ðæt hira nān ðāra ne wilnie ðe hine unwærlīce begā; , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Amphitruonis obsignata signo'st. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :ni ego illi puteo, si obcepso, animam omnem intertraxero. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :La estoit uns batiaus venus et arivés , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :†þät se ecg-hete      âðum-swerian , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :wealle beworhton,      swâ hyt weorðlîcost , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :te orabat opere ut cras redires. CH. rus eo. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :ut absente ero rem eri diligenter , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :þonne hātað wē hit wyrd: , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :perii! ex quo censes nisi ex illo quoi datast nuptum obsecro? , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :Car ainz mieudre vassaus ne fu princes ne dus; , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :<ea>demque ut esset apud te hoc quam gratissimum. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :ARG. Inscende actutum. LIB. Ego fecero. hem quid istuc , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :Ðonne ic cume, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :item quod tu mihi si imperes, ego faciam. PAS. Facere certumst , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :Il li diront tout l'estre, metre face en escrit, , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :Et dites Alixandre, qui tantes gens chadele, , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :tua voluntate? CAL. Ius bonum orat Pseudolus; , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :Ne por tut l'aveir, ki seit en cest païs, , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :glêd-egesa grim!      God wât on mec, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :And Godes Gāst wæs geferod ofer wæteru. , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Quis igitur, nisi vos, narravit mi, illi ut fuerit proelium? , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :O cinq cens chevaliers commencent un tornoi, , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :Forment poise Alixandre de la mort son baron, , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :Drihtne Hǣlendum Crīste. , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Et broche le destrier qu'il ot delivre et sain. , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :Maint prince a afolé et mis jus de sa sele; , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :Cist doit avoir amor et deduit de pucele." , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :voluntas vostra si ad poetam accesserit. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :þät hi ôfostlice      ût geferedon , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :HEG. Facito ergo ut Acherunti clueas gloria. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :þäm tô hâm forgeaf      Hrêðel Geáta , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Þā hē forð ēode,      fǣhðe gemunde, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :wicg wunden-feax.      Wîsa fengel , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Contre terre le fiert, mort l'eüst a dolour, , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :Veit mort son fil, a terre chiet pasmede , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :Siðþan hē gecrīsnad wæs, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :AGOR. An mortui sunt? HAN. Factum, quod aegre tuli. ~ , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :domi duellique duellatores optumi. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :N'amor ne prist par puterie. , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :aut contrectare quod mares homines amant? , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :Et li sien le seqeurent as brans d'acier forbis; , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :Dont mainte large terre justice vostre bole. , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :A sept des premiers Grieus ont tolue la vie, , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :HAR. Quem tu Pseudolum, quas tu mihi praedicas fallacias? , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :in Epidamno. MESS. In Epidamno? qui huc in hanc urbem pedem, , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :Syððan sē hǣðengilda ēac sealde ðone āttorbǣran drenc þām apostole, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Snyredon ätsomne,      þâ secg wîsode , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :nam haec quidem nos delirantis facere dictis postulat. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :Molt tost vos en est or li guerredons rendus. , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :†1115Hêt þâ Hildeburh      ät Hnäfes âde , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :L'escripture l'apelle la contree de Trage. , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :Sire, or font le roi Marc entendre , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :geongra gyfena,      gōda gehwylces! , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :wērig wīges sæd.    Wesseaxe forð , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :ond Wulfheard Frīesa. , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :sticiað eallne weg inn on ðām hringum ðā earce mid tō beranne, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :conmisceto pariter. Postea cum detonderis, unguito totas, sinito biduum , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :þǣr cōm flōwende       flōd æfter ebban, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Rois avers crient tous jors que ses avoirs li faille; , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :wîde weorðeð.      Wäs sió wrôht scepen , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :dōgorrīmes,      þonne dēað nimeð, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :dicam hospitio. Per. Euge euge, lepide, laudo commentum tuom. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :Douze piés ont de haut, grant sont et parcreü, , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :wudubēama wlite;      ac þǣr wrǣtlīce , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :And þēah man āsette twēgen fǣtels full ealað oððe wæteres, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :†(stôd on stân-bogan)      streám ût þonan , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Seoir el firmament pour le mont alumer, , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :Dayres a pris , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :Autresi comme el siecle est chascuns justiciers, , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :da mihi hanc veniam, ingnosce; irata ne sies. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :Alixandres commande par Tholomé son dru , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :gold unrîme      grimme geceápod , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Et reçoit le conduit qui vient par la baee. , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :1075bearnum and brôðrum;      hie on gebyrd hruron , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Hici ne sai que dire puisse, , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :Nel seüssent descrire Salemons ne Davis. , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :Trestout cuidierent estre et mort et afolé. , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :quoi verba dare difficilest: primum iam de amore hoc comperit; , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :Ðā cwæð hē, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Or somes en esprueve et il sont au desus." , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :and eorðe mæg gewitan; , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :†mâðm-gestreóna.      Mod Þryðo wäg, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Þā wæs sōna eall þæt mennisce cynn geblyssigende, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :ut propior illi quam ego sum ac tu homo nemost. {De.} di vostram fidem, , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :Þær wearð Ongenþió      ecgum sweorda, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :contr'alz afanz que an a|pader , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :fructus ebibere in hora una. PS. Hiberna addito. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :AMPHITRUOQuidum? , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :†grimme gegongen;      wäs þät gifeðe tô swîð, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :si malus aut nequamst, male res vortunt quas agit, , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :wolde blonden-feax      beddes neósan, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Ne por losenge dire, s'il estoit si hardis , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :COLL. Age, accipe hoc sis: hic sunt numerati aurei , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :870se þe eal-fela      eald-gesegena , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Alixandre l'envoie a son tref ou estoit: , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :Lors voit bien et conoist la grant destrucion , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :syððan hie þäs lâðan      lâst sceáwedon, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :in servitutem ab eo cui servivi prius. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :PAEGNIVM Pensum meum, quod datumst, confeci. nunc domum propero. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :Issent de cele terre si vienent en mellor , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :Sume men bēoð ǣlces cræftes full cræftige, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Et entent la parole dont Perdicas li prie; , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :Nescio unde hae hic spectavit. Iam ego hunc decipiam probe; , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :«Seignors, la roïne est venue , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :Et mot lor amentoit sovent , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :†hâres hyrste      Higelâce bär. , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Hē gecneordlǣhte æfter wīsra lārēowa gebīsnungum, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :unde anteparta demus postpartoribus, , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :cur conducebas? BAL. Inopia: alius non erat. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :Curantes magna cum cura tum cupientes , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :for þan þe ic nāh geweald, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Hū clipode Abēles blōd tō Gode būton swā swā ǣlces mannes misdǣda wrēgað hine tō Gode būtan wordum? , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :sió wäs orþoncum      eall gegyrwed , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Ainc sous le monde Dieu n'avint tele aventure , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :hī willað ēow tō gafole    gāras syllan, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :vis, pater, , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :þonne hē furðon onsorh ne brīcð his genihtsumnysse. , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Et dedesus les nues se metra a bandon, , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :Ovë iço que vus savez.» , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :Ne por qant si s'est tant vers lui abandonee , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :2540heard under helm,      hioro-sercean bär , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Husdant an la chambrë est mis , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :Þā wæs sē dēofol in gangende, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Ōswoldes cynerīce wearð gerȳmed þā swȳðe, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Þonne monge bēoð      on gemōt lǣded , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Enevois me morrai sans nule raençon." , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :on þǣm wǣron ēac þā men ofslægene būton fīfum; , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :†wäs þäm häft-mêce      Hrunting nama, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Quidquid vini defrutabis, partem tricesimam defruti addito. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :Gē ealdras tōnimað ēowre gatu and ūp āhebbað þā ēcan gatu þæt mæge in gān sē Cyning þæs ēcan wuldres. , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Þā sǣton hīe þone winter æt Cwātbrycge. , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :ea causa ad hoc exemplum te exornavi ego. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :nihtreste ofgeaf:   nālles Nergendes , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Gif wit þæt eall sculon tōsmēagian, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :ex lapide angulari, tigna omnia, quae opus sunt, limina, postes, iugumenta, , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :intro iit in aedis ater alienus canis; , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :sīgað sīdwegum,      songe lofiað, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :þæt folc gold and seolfor and dēorwurðe gimstānas and menigfealde mǣrða; , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :vide quo me inducas. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :Mercator Siculus, quoi erant gemini filii, , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :Q'il ot molt coiement sous son mantel botee, , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :Cariado dunc li respont: , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Text :daturum id me hodie mulieri ante vesperum, , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :ut rem patriam et gloriam maiorum foedarim meum: , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old Latin
Text :ond Æþelnōþ ealdorman, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old English
Text :Tout souavet le pas, que nus ne s'en desvoie. , prediction: Old French , actual: Old French
Wrong guesses: 
Text :* * *                                         a , prediction: Old English , actual: Old Latin
Text :Ar-mand esterent evirum , prediction: Old English , actual: Old French
Text :taceas modo. , prediction: Old English , actual: Old Latin
Text :sed nisi molestumst, nomen dare vobis volo , prediction: Old French , actual: Old Latin
Text :Ne me calsist se puis moruse. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old French
Text :A iceste assamblee , prediction: Old English , actual: Old French
Text :nolo bis iterari, sat sic longae fiunt fabulae. , prediction: Old English , actual: Old Latin
Text :senectute, onustum gero corpus, vires , prediction: Old English , actual: Old Latin
Text :O toi ameneras se tu as nul baron; , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old French
Text :En ta terre vendra o Hermins et o Turs; , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old French
Text :Volnera belli despernunt. , prediction: Old French , actual: Old Latin
Text :animo es, ne formida. , prediction: Old English , actual: Old Latin
Text :Quant me tolez ma nurreture. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old French
Text :solearii astant, astant molocinarii; , prediction: Old French , actual: Old Latin
Text :plostrum lora P. XIX, funiculum P. XV, in aratrum subiugia lora P. XII, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old Latin
Text :MERCURIUSAdcipe. , prediction: Old English , actual: Old Latin
Text :sinc ät symle.      Sele hlifade , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old English
Text :Lodhuvicus, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old French
Text :DIN. Fer contra manum et pariter gradere. , prediction: Old French , actual: Old Latin
Text :Et si el non ad ols carnels, , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old French
Text :immolandis esto." , prediction: Old English , actual: Old Latin
Text :XV. HROTHGARS GRATULATION. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old English
Text :Pamphilvs Mysis , prediction: Old English , actual: Old Latin
Text :Cirge ne lampë alumez , prediction: Old English , actual: Old French
Text :Que ja compaignon aie ne partis soit mes nons." , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old French
Text :A Brengvein dit priveement: , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old French
Text :Immo unice unum. , prediction: Old English , actual: Old Latin
Text :geleistit, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old French
Text :XLi,  — LU, , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old French
Text :Lui e altrui travaillent, e cunfundent.» , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old French
Text :D'Amor que·m te lassat e pres, , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old French
Text :BLEPHAROProh Jupiter ! , prediction: Old English , actual: Old Latin
Text :menad-eneren a|tormenz , prediction: Old English , actual: Old French
Text :O vos preïsse druerie. , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old French
Text :Quandius in ciel monstier instud, , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old French
Text :Tant ai plus mis, sire Ogrin, , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old French
Text :dæda dollîcra.      Nu is se däg cumen, , prediction: Old Latin , actual: Old English
Text :dum bellum gereret cum Telobois hostibus, , prediction: Old English , actual: Old Latin
